---
title: "9.2.0 ctrtransfer"
permalink: /9.2.0-ctrtransfer.html
---

如果你是**老3DS**2.1.0版本,这个向导适合你
{: .notice--success}

如果你是**老3DS或2DS**降级到2.1.0，但因某些原因未做**功能性的NAND备份**, 这个向导适合你。
{: .notice--success}

装完ctrtransfer之后你的设备或许会不显示安装的游戏,这是因为票据(tickets)被tranfer清除了。这就是为啥你要备份的原因，你可以在向导的最后将它恢复。
{: .notice--info}

这个向导仅仅使用到了SysNAND(真实系统)。如果你之前已经有做过EmuNAND（虚拟系统）为基础的自定义固件，你需要跟随所有在SysNAND中或者适用于SysNAND的操作步骤。注意的是EmuNAND和RedNAND只是[同一个概念](http://3dbrew.org/wiki/NAND_Redirection)略微不同的实现而已.
{: .notice--info}

#### What you need

* Everything from the "What you need" for [Installing arm9loaderhax](installing-arm9loaderhax)
* The latest release of [Decrypt9WIP](https://github.com/d0k3/Decrypt9WIP/releases/latest)
* The 9.2.0 ctrtransfer image for your device and region     
*(if your device is not from one of these regions, just pick one that matches your device type)*:
  +    [New 3DS 9.2.0 - EUR - ctrtransfer](torrents/9.2.0-20E_ctrtransfer_n3ds.torrent) - <code class="highlighterrouge"><a href="magnet:?xt=urn:btih:fed7bfeec0e52b42a77467cfb6ffd3e9dd2d5a70"><i class="fa fa-magnet" aria-hidden="true"></i></a></code>   
  +    [New 3DS 9.2.0 - JPN - ctrtransfer](torrents/9.2.0-20J_ctrtransfer_n3ds.torrent) - <code class="highlighterrouge"><a href="magnet:?xt=urn:btih:b22d67fd02b3b0e30ac991e451db0f2d32e7beca"><i class="fa fa-magnet" aria-hidden="true"></i></a></code>     
  +    [New 3DS 9.2.0 - USA - ctrtransfer](torrents/9.2.0-20U_ctrtransfer_n3ds.torrent) - <code class="highlighterrouge"><a href="magnet:?xt=urn:btih:985d47442dc470d1b9f908256bed041c63885f60"><i class="fa fa-magnet" aria-hidden="true"></i></a></code>    
~
  +    [Old 3DS or 2DS 9.2.0 - EUR - ctrtransfer](torrents/9.2.0-20E_ctrtransfer_o3ds.torrent) - <code class="highlighterrouge"><a href="magnet:?xt=urn:btih:8d6142313971b08f92257e7fb1c1d5689e34ed78"><i class="fa fa-magnet" aria-hidden="true"></i></a></code>     
  +    [Old 3DS or 2DS 9.2.0 - JPN - ctrtransfer](torrents/9.2.0-20J_ctrtransfer_o3ds.torrent) - <code class="highlighterrouge"><a href="magnet:?xt=urn:btih:24ad2b85e67013ef1f91178dca7ad2e40663b9b2"><i class="fa fa-magnet" aria-hidden="true"></i></a></code>     
  +    [Old 3DS or 2DS 9.2.0 - USA - ctrtransfer](torrents/9.2.0-20U_ctrtransfer_o3ds.torrent) - <code class="highlighterrouge"><a href="magnet:?xt=urn:btih:1dc79a2a0babb45497961888f369423a93135e2b"><i class="fa fa-magnet" aria-hidden="true"></i></a></code>

#### Instructions

##### Section I - Prep work

4. Copy the 9.2.0 ctrtransfer image `.bin` and `.bin.sha` from the ctrtransfer zip to the `/files9/` folder on your SD card
5. Copy `Decrypt9WIP.bin` to the `/luma/payloads/` folder on your SD card and rename `Decrypt9WIP.bin` to `x_Decrypt9WIP.bin`
6. Reinsert your SD card into your 3DS

##### Section II - Backup tickets

5. Open Decrypt9 from arm9loaderhax by holding (X) during boot
6. Go to "Ticket/Titlekey Options", then select "Ticket Dump (SysNAND)"
7. Press (Select) to eject your SD card, then put it in your computer
8. Delete all `.tik` files in the `/files9/` folder that **do not** start with "00-"
9. Leave all the `.tik` files that do start with "00-" in the folder
  + If none start with "00-", then just continue.
10. Reinsert your SD card into your 3DS, then press (B)

##### Section III - ctrtransfer

8. Go to "SysNAND Options", then "CTRNAND Transfer", then "Auto CTRNAND Transfer"
9. Select the 9.2.0 ctrtransfer image when prompted by pressing (A)
10. **Backup SysNAND to `NANDmin.bin` when prompted by pressing (A)**
11. Allow the transfer process to proceed automatically, this may take some time
12. Once the transfer is complete, press Select to eject your SD card
13. Put your SD card in your computer, then copy `NANDmin.bin` and `NANDmin.bin.sha` from the `/files9/` folder on your SD card to a safe location; make backups in multiple locations; this backup will save you from a brick if anything goes wrong in the future **(Your backup should match one of the sizes on [this](nand-size) page; if it does not, you should delete it and make a new one!)**
14. Delete the 9.2.0 ctrtransfer image `.bin` and `.bin.sha` from the `/files9/` folder on your SD card
15. Reinsert your SD card into your 3DS
16. Press Start to reboot
17. Update your CFW SysNAND to the latest version using system settings
    + **Yes this is safe, stop opening Github issues about it.**

Return to [Installing arm9loaderhax](installing-arm9loaderhax).
{: .notice--primary}
